playground: add links to playground (#13744)
pingcap/docs: mysql-compatibility.md

</CustomContent>

> You can have a try of TiDB on [TiDB Playground](http://play.tidbcloud.com/).

Author: ```suggestion
You can have a try of TiDB features on [TiDB Playground](http://play.tidbcloud.com/).
```

> You can try out TiDB features on [TiDB Playground](http://play.tidbcloud.com/).

Reviewer: https://play.tidbcloud.com/?utm_source=docs&utm_medium=mysql_compatibility

> You can try out TiDB features on [TiDB Playground](http://play.tidbcloud.com/).

Author: ```suggestion
You can try out TiDB features on [TiDB Playground](http://play.tidbcloud.com/?utm_source=docs&utm_medium=mysql_compatibility).
```

> You can have a try of TiDB features on [TiDB Playground](http://play.tidbcloud.com/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can try out TiDB features on [TiDB Playground](http://play.tidbcloud.com/).
```

> You can try out TiDB features on [TiDB Playground](http://play.tidbcloud.com/?utm_source=docs&utm_medium=mysql_compatibility).

Author: ```suggestion
You can try out TiDB features on [TiDB Playground](https://play.tidbcloud.com/?utm_source=docs&utm_medium=mysql_compatibility).
```
